1) Creating a new console based application to get more familiar with conditional statements and is a good practice for it.
2) After menu is created used random number generator to make the application more intresting my trying to guess numbers.
3) Understood about seed and wy is it important for example: 
    while creating a random number and guessing it without the use of i could easily guess the random number generated at 
    first to be 42 in other hand using seed helped generating new numbers based on time.
4) Got to about passing the size of arrays to a function, calculating size of array is the total size divided by the size 
   of the data type. 
5) cin.clear() and cin.ignore() some important functions to keep in mind. Where, cin.clear() is used to clear the state of 
    the cin as in if we typed anything gibrish to end the program execution the state of cin is set to error and resets the
    state. where as ignore is used to ignore the last input. 
6) Taking input in an array and outputing in an array both is done in loops. 
7) Added a sized array depending on the range of the random number generated to store the guesses and also counted the numbers
   and also counted the number of guesses or trys. 
8) Into vectors, the most exciting part of C++ where we can allocte memory dynamically better than array and also has additional
   methods that helps.
9) Vector is pretty simple just need to be wary of some the methods then we are good. 
10) Passing vectors to a functions is the most tricky part is it by value or by reference, The key thing to take note of is
    do we want to change the original value or not if yes then we use reference nor we use value. 
11) Lokked into templatized arrays as well but go for vector unless specified, templatized arrays are also static but we can
    pass them to function based on reference. 
12) Final topic for the week range-based for loop pretty handy for loop dont need to write just give the range example shown
    in this commit.