1) Various kinds of data types every variable is associated with a data type and the calculations are done accordingly 
for eg: a int a/b 
where a = 5, b = 2 is 2, which is not true mathematically but according to the int type its true. 
2) A quick look into memory and data types and how there is difference in memory for data types and a look into binary bits for a better understanding
3) Also quick review on signed bit and unsigned bit also a little bonus tip about the sign bit which bit is usually reserved as a signed bit. 
4) Primary integral data type: 
    short, int, long, long long and unsigned goes along basically unsigned for all positive values.
5) Another quick tip that lets us know the memory of the integral type is by including climits at top which is used to show memory space for signed and unsigned integral types.
6) Another data type "char" basically a character where we use this for a variable to store a character.
7) Also learned more about relation of characters and ASCII values where "A" is 65 and "a" is 97.
8) More on the information type casting. 
9) Escape sequences are used to cover or update something in the string or while doing a cout 
    for eg: '\n' : most common one it is used to go to a new line.
            '\v' : a cool one for vertical tab.
            '\t' : for a tab.
            '\"\"': Might seem confusing but it is basically used for using double quotes.
            ''' or '\'\'': For single quotes both way possible. 
            '\b': to delete something.
            '\\': for a backslacsh in the string.
            '\a': For alert beep.
10) Bool data type basic true or false logic driven data type. In a standard print it gives either 0(false) or 1(true) or it to make it print true or false we use a manipulator
    known as "boolalpha" or if statements.
11) Floating point numbers the most commonly used is float but it isnt precise for more precision we use double and for even more precision we use long double but for better 
    implementation we can use external libraries available in c++. 
12) Use of Const and constant values better use enum class rather than marcos or maybe const, using const is ok but dont use macros.
